Update 2024-01-04-bilingualism-decision.md (#17)
markszabo/markszabo.github.io: _posts/2024-01-04-bilingualism-decision.md

2. speaking the language
3. reading in the language
4. writing in the language

It is generally believed that this order is increasingly more difficult and later stages encompass earlier ones (e.g. if you can write, you can also read and speak a language).
Most books also recommend adjusting your goals as necessary (e.g. if you can't travel to your country as often as planned, you might need to aim lower).

I feel that if the kids can have a conversation with their Hungarian family in Hungarian, enjoy movies in Hungarian (for all that comedy), that would make me very happy.
Still I don't want to set a strict goal, as I don't want the language learning to be burden for the kids. 
So I'll do my best initially, and then work from there with the children themselves.

## Books

I read a few books on raising bilingual kids, and my favorite one was [The Bilingual Family by Edith Harding-Esch, Philip Riley](https://www.amazon.co.jp/-/en/dp/0521004640).
This book goes through the academic literature on the topic, debunks common myths and generally provides a well-rounded overview of research in the area.
Then it describes the stories of multiple families raising bilingual kids.

> The book is very European heavy (the authors both live there, as well as most families appearing in the book), which I personally prefer over some of the other, very US-focused books.

Author: ```suggestion
The book is very European-centric (the authors both live there, as well as most families appearing in the book), which I personally prefer over some of the other, more US-focused books.
```
